PREVIOUSLY ON "WEEDS"...
DO ME UP.
I SOLD YOU AN EIGHT BALL
YESTERDAY.
I NEED ANOTHER ONE.
HOW MUCH YOU GOT?
MY FIANCé SAID
THE FUNNIEST THING.
YOU ASKED HIM TO KILL
SOME LOCO D. E. A. AGENT?
GEE, THANKS.
YOU DID ME A SOLID.
WE CAN'T GET OUR WEED BACK
WITHOUT A COURT ORDER.
I WILL HELP YOU
AFTER I SLAM HIS DICK
IN THIS DRAWER.
I CAN DO THIS.
[ DRAWER SLAMS ]
[ SCREAMS ]
I CAN SELL A LOT
MORE MAKEUP
IF I GIVE A FREE GIFT.
OH, NO.
I‐I‐I CAN'T STEAL THEIR WEED.
NO, YOU JUST TELL THEM
THAT YOU GOT RIPPED OFF.
I'VE GOT A CROOKED DICK,
AND THERE'S NO POT?
IT WASN'T MY FAULT.
EIGHTHS GO IN THE COMPACTS.
HALF‐OUNCES
IN THE EYE‐SHADOW KIT.
EVERYONE,
LET'S SEE THAT PLASTIC.
ADIOS, LOSERS.
NEW CONDO.
DID THIS ALL ON MY OWN
SELLING
YOU'RE PRETTY! COSMETICS.
MAY I HELP YOU, SIR?
I WANT TO MAKE A LOT OF MONEY
SELLING YOUR FACE CHEMICALS.
YOU THINK YOU CAN HANDLE
A FULL ORDER?
DAMN RIGHT, FULL ORDER.
FILL ME UP.
AFTER THE ELECTION, WE WILL
BE MARRIED AND BE A FAMILY.
WHAT ELECTION?
I'M RUNNING FOR GOBERNADOR.
TUVIERAS MATABA
LA PINCHA GRINGA PUTA ‐‐
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?
HER NAME IS PILAR ZUAZO.
SHE IS JUST PROTECTING
MY PUBLIC IMAGE.
THIS LITTLE MILK BALL
WAS A MISTAKE.
I AM THE FATHER
OF THIS CHILD.
NOT ACCORDING
TO YOUR DEAR FRIEND PILAR.
I COULDN'T PUT ESTEBAN'S NAME
ON THE BIRTH CERTIFICATE.
SO YOU PUT MY NAME ON IT.
YOU'RE A FROZEN MARGARITA, ANDY,
AND I'M A DOCTOR.
WHY DID YOU EVEN AGREE
TO GO OUT WITH ME?
I'M FASCINATED BY HOW
ALL THIS IS GONNA PLAY OUT
WITH THE GANGSTER
BABY‐DADDY.
MARRY ME.
LET'S GO DOWNSTAIRS
FOR A MINUTE.
Andy:
WHAT ARE THEY SAYING?
GET THE FUCK OUT THERE
AND FIND OUT WHAT'S GOING ON.
I LOVE YOU,
AND YOU LOVE ME.
SO I AM HERE,
AND I AM NOT LEAVING.
Shane: MOM?
[ CROWD CHANTING ]
[ BELL DINGS ]
[ HORN BLARES ]
OH, MY GOD! OH, MY FUCKING GOD!
IS HE ALL RIGHT?!
LOOK AT ALL MY BLOOD,
MOM.
IS IT JUST HIS ARM?
THERE'S ‐‐
THERE'S BLOOD!
I CAN'T EVEN FEEL IT.
THERE'S TWO HOLES.
ONE IN, ONE OUT.
IT'S THROUGH THE MEAT.
IT MISSED THE BONE.
IS THAT A GOOD THING?
PUT OUR PEOPLE ON THE STREET!
BRING ME A NAME!
YOU DON'T SHOOT AT A MAN
IN FRONT OF HIS FAMILY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
IT SOUNDED LIKE A SLAP.
HE SLAPPED ME WITH A BULLET,
MOM. ISN'T THAT WEIRD?
SHANE, IT'S WEIRD, AND
IT'S FUCKED UP, AND IT'S SCARY,
AND I WANT TO GO TO THE FUCKING
HOSPITAL RIGHT FUCKING NOW!
HOSPITALS REPORT BULLET WOUNDS
TO THE POLICE.
I DON'T CARE!
NANCY, NANCY.
I NEED A VODKA.
WHAT ARE YOU,
A DOCTOR ALL OF A SUDDEN?
A NURSE.
IN THE ARMY.
LIKE
"HOT LIPS" HOULIHAN?
[ CHUCKLES ]
"CALIENTE LIPS."
AAH! FUCK YOU!
FUCK YOUR MOM IN THE ASS
WITH A SCREWDRIVER!
[ SNIFFS ]
[ THUMP ]
WH‐‐ WH‐‐
WHAT WAS THAT?
THE SHOOTER.
FUCKING "A."
I DON'T GET IT.
I'VE BEEN AT THIS ALL MORNING.
I FOUND A HIGH‐VOLUME AREA,
FOLLOWED THE SCRIPT.
WHAT AM I DOING WRONG?
THIS IS OUR CORNER.
GET YOUR OWN.
OH, CRAM IT, BROWNIE.
I TOLD YOU,
I'M A NATURE SCOUT.
I KNOW WHAT I SAID.
NO ONE WANTS YOUR CRAP.
GO AWAY.
WE'RE TRYING TO SEND GOATS
TO AFRICAN PEOPLE.
THEY ALREADY HAVE GOATS.
NOT THESE GOATS.
YOU PINCH
ONE MORE OF MY SALES,
AND I'M GONNA FLICK YOU
IN THE GOD NIPPLE.
IT'S CALLED A BINDI.
EVERYONE KNOWS
IT'S "BINDI."
OH.
I LOVE
YOU'RE PRETTY! COSMETICS.
REALLY?
DO YOU KNOW CELIA HODES?
I JUST STARTED
BUYINGFROM HER.
YEAH, CELIA ‐‐
LOVE THAT WOMAN.
THIS IS THE SAME STUFF.
REALLY?
YEP.
OH, PERFECT!
YESTERDAY, I BOUGHT
TWO EYE‐SHADOW KITS,
AND I AM ALREADY OUT,
SO I'LL TAKE TWO MORE.
OH!
TWO EYE‐SHADOW KITS IN ONE DAY?
WOW, THAT IS HOT.
MY HUSBAND WOULD KILL ME
IF HE KNEW HOW MUCH I SPENT...
on weed.
YEAH, RIGHT.
WAIT, WHAT ‐‐
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
WHAT ARE
YOU TALKING ABOUT?
UM...
WHAT ARE
YOU TALKING ABOUT?
SHE THINKS YOU'RE SELLING POT
LIKE YOUR FRIEND,
YOU FUCKING IDIOT.
WELL, IT'S BEEN A WHILE
SINCE MY TRAUMA ROTATION,
BUT I'D SAY YOU GOT
PRETTY LUCKY HERE.
I MEAN,
IF YOU'RE GONNA GET SHOT,
IT'S GOOD TO GET SHOT
THE WAY YOU GOT SHOT.
YOU DIDN'T TELL YOUR MOM
ABOUT ME SENDING YOU
OUT THERE, DID YOU?
I LIKE THE BANDAGES.
THAT AUDRA DOES NICE WORK, HMM?
PERCOCET FOR THE PAIN.
TAKE IT EASY WITH THESE, OKAY?
THEY'RE NOT MENTOS.
HA! THAT'S A LOT!
I'M JUST GONNA TAKE TWO
FOR MY HEADACHE.
MAYBE THREE.
DID SHE ASK ABOUT ME?
YOU TAKE THIS.
YOU WATCH MOVIES.
YOU FEEL BETTER
ABOUT YOUR ARM, LIFE,
EVERYTHING.
[ SNORING ]
ALL I'M SAYING
IS THAT EVERY TIME
I THINK SHIT
CAN'T GET MORE FUCKED UP,
SHIT GETS
WAY MORE FUCKED UP.
[ Drowsily ] I WANT TO GO
FLOAT IN LAKE ESTEBAN.
THAT POOL'S GOT A TIDE.
AND ME FLOATING IN IT...
LIKE A LEAF
THROUGH A FILTER.
OR A BUG.
PLEASE DON'T TELL ANYONE
I WAS A NURSE.
NO ONE GETS INSIDE.
NO ONE GETS NEAR YOU.
DO YOU LIKE MY WATCH?
IT'S YOURS.
THEY WILL TEASE ME.
SAY "MEDIC."
I'M SORRY.
WHY?
BECAUSE YOU GOT HURT.
I'M OKAY.
SHANE, YOU GOT SHOT.
IT WAS BOUND TO HAPPEN
SOONER OR LATER.
NO, IT'S NOT SUPPOSED TO
HAPPEN AT ALL. IT'S NOT.
"WHEN IS HE GONNA
GET SHOT?" ‐‐
IT'S NOT SOMETHING
THAT CROSSES YOUR MIND
WHEN YOU'RE PRETENDING
TO BE THE TOOTH FAIRY.
IT WAS THIS THING
THAT HAPPENED TODAY.
OTHER THINGS HAPPEN OTHER DAYS.
THINGS WILL HAPPEN TOMORROW.
YOU'RE NOT GETTING HURT AGAIN.
I PROMISE YOU.
I'M FINE.
SHANE.
SHANE, LOOK AT ME.
YOU'RE NEVER GETTING HURT AGAIN.
[ SNIFFLES ]
YOU SHOULD BE WORRYING
ABOUT STEVIE RAY.
HE'S JUST A BABY.
[ Crying ]
BUT YOU'RE STILL MY BABY.
THINK I CAN HAVE
THAT SANDWICH NOW?
[ SNIFFLES ]
YEAH.
[ UP‐TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS
IN DISTANCE ]
OH, PLEASE.
LIKE I GIVE A SHIT!
YOU'RE A HARD MAN TO FIND.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
IT'S A CUP.
OF COURSE.
I NEED A HOOKUP.
TURN AROUND.
LET ME SEE THE CULO.
OH, KISS MY CULO.
I'M LOOKING FOR DROGAS.
WEED. NOT MEXI‐DICK.
I NEED A STEADY SUPPLY,
AND I'M NOT TALKING
NICKEL AND DIME BAGS HERE.
[ GRUNTS ]
I'M BIG.
GETTING BIGGER.
MAJOR LEAGUE.
SO,
YOU CUT ME A DEAL NOW,
AND LATER,
I'LL LET YOU BE MY HEAVY.
YOU CAN SNIFF OUT
ALL THE ASSHOLES IN MY LIFE
AND THEN BURY THEM
IN THE YARD.
Announcer: iSEÑORES Y SEÑORAS,
BIENVENIDOS A SUPERMATCH!
WHAT'S MY CUT?
10% BONUS
AFTER FIRST DELIVERY.
GOT TO GO.
12%? 12%.
15%?
17.5%!
20%.
FINE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
GIVE ME A CALL IN A COUPLE DAYS.
I'LL HAVE IT READY.
iESTUVO AMARRADO Y ENCERRADO
POR MUCHO TIEMPO!
EL ES PERRO INSANO!
[ ROARS ]
[ GROWLING ]
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
[ GROWLING CONTINUES ]
[ DOORS CLOSE ]
THAT BULLET WAS MEANT FOR ME,
WASN'T IT?
YOU NEED TO TAKE YOUR FAMILY
AND LEAVE.
SO, NO NEED
TO KEEP ME IN SUSPENSE.
WHO WANTS ME DEAD?
A PERSON WHO WILL NOT STOP
UNTIL SHE GETS WHAT SHE WANTS.
YOU CANNOT KILL PILAR.
YOU'D BE SHOT BEFORE
YOU EVEN GOT CLOSE.
WHY DON'T I START
WITH THE PERSON
WHO'S BEEN REPORTING
TO HER?
WHAT DO YOU THINK
ESTEBAN'S GONNA DO
WHEN HE FINDS OUT YOU SET UP
THE MOTHER OF HIS ONLY SON?
THINK IT THROUGH.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
JUST LET IT HAPPEN?
I REALIZED YOUR DEATH
WOULD BE THE END OF HIM.
HIS HAPPINESS
IS MY HAPPINESS.
THAT'S PRETTY GAY,
NURSE CESAR.
I TELL YOU WHAT ‐‐
I'M GONNA FORGET
YOUR MOMENTARY
LAPSE IN LOYALTY.
YOU SPARED MY LIFE,
I'M SPARING YOURS.
BUT YOU OWE ME BIG‐TIME,
AND YOU HURT MY KID.
[ GUN COCKS ]
SO, COUNT TO THREE.
ARE YOU RIGHT‐HANDED?
COUNT!
[ SIGHS ]
ONE...
TWO...
Three.
OH, THERE YOU ARE!
JESUS, ANDY.
HEART ATTACK.
YOU'RE STEALING
FROM A DRUG LORD.
BOLD. HOT.
MY CLINIC HAS TO FIGHT
FOR EVERY COTTON SWAB.
THIS STUFF IS JUST SITTING HERE.
DON'T RAT ME OUT.
WHAT'S MY SILENCE
WORTH TO YOU?
HOW ABOUT PATCHING UP
YOUR 14‐YEAR‐OLD NEPHEW'S
BULLET WOUND
AND NEGLECTING
TO REPORT IT TO THE POLICE?
NO, NOT ENOUGH.
YOU ALSO HAVE TO GO OUT WITH ME
TO HEAR MUSIC ‐‐ JAZZ.
JAZZ? REALLY?
YOU LIKE JAZZ?
FOR SURE.
NAME ONE JAZZ MUSICIAN.
DR. TEETH.
HE'S A MUPPET.
HE'S A JAZZ MUPPET.
PASS.
WHAT? WAIT, WAIT.
WHOA, WHOA.
SO, YOU ‐‐ YOU REJECT ME
OVER CHIPS AND SALSA,
THEN YOU FLIRT WITH ME AT
LITTLE STEVIE'S WEENIE ROAST,
AND NOW I'M ASKING YOU
ON A PROPER,
SOPHISTICATED JAZZ DATE,
AND YOU PASS?
I WAS TOO HARSH ON THE DATE,
SO I GAVE YOU A SECOND LOOK,
AND YOU LOOK GOOD.
BUT THEN I LOOKED CLOSER,
AND THAT'S WHEN I SAW IT.
WHAT? A CANCEROUS MOLE
OR SOMETHING?
HOW LONG HAVE I GOT,
DOC?
GIVE IT TO ME STRAIGHT.
YOU'RE HUNG UP ON NANCY.
WHAT? OH, GOD.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
IT'S COMPLICATED.
I'M ‐‐ WE'RE FAMILY.
I'M HER BABY‐DADDY.
INK, NOT SPERM.
MEANINGLESS.
I'M TRYING TO MAN UP.
SO, YEAH, MAYBE I'M A LITTLE
TANGLED IN NANCY'S DRAMA,
BUT IT'S A FLEDGLING EFFORT.
JESUS, AUDRA, WHY ARE YOU
SHITTING ALL OVER MY EFFORT?
IS THIS AN OCCUPATIONAL
HAZARD ‐‐ ABORTING EVERYTHING?
IT'S NOT A LIFE YET, ANDY.
OH,
YOU'RE JUST MAKING EXCUSES.
THIS IS WHY YOU'RE SINGLE.
YOU'RE A HOT DOCTOR,
BUT YOU'RE ALONE 'CAUSE
YOU'RE ALWAYS MAKING EXCUSES
INSTEAD OF TAKING A RISK.
THIS IS A PRETTY VALID
FUCKING EXCUSE.
OH. YOU SAID "FUCKING."
I'M TELLING.
GOODBYE, ANDY.
DR. LEHMAN.
JESUS, ANOTHER ONE?
ARE YOU STEALING?
IS IT REALLY HURTING?
I CAN SET UP
A MOVIE FOR YOU.
MAYBE I CAN FIND
A PORN CHANNEL.
I GET IT.
IF I GOT SHOT IN MY JERK‐OFF
ARM, I WOULD BE MAD, TOO.
I'M NOT MAD.
HOW MANY PILLS
DID YOU TAKE?
NONE.
WELL, THAT'S DUMB.
I'LL GET YOU
A GLASS OF WATER.
HEY, GIVE ME YOUR PILLS.
I'LL OPEN THEM.
NO.
WHY HAVE THEM
IF YOU WON'T TAKE THEM?
BECAUSE...
THEY'RE MINE.
I LIKE
THE WAY IT FEELS.
LIKE A KNIFE POPPING
THE SAME BALLOON OVER AND OVER,
ONLY YOU DON'T HAVE TO
BLOW UP A NEW ONE.
I CAN MAKE THE PAIN GO AWAY
ANYTIME WITH A PILL,
BUT I DON'T WANT TO.
I DON'T HAVE TO THINK
ABOUT ANYTHING ELSE.
IT'S GREAT.
YEAH...
GREAT.
[ GRUNTS ]
WELL...
THAT'S THE LAST OF IT.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
WHO KNEW YOU HAD
SO MUCH STUFF?
THANK YOU FOR HELPING ME
MOVE IN, DEAN.
I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
WHAT'S 12 FLIGHTS OF STAIRS
BETWEEN PARTNERS?
EXACTLY. AND WE COULD NOT
RISK USING THE ELEVATOR.
THERE'S AN ELEVATOR?
WHERE DID THOSE IDIOTS
GET ALL THIS POT, ANYHOW?
SOME GUY
NAMED "THE WIZARD."
WHOA. CHECK IT OUT.
FOUR DEAD BOLTS.
STEEL‐REINFORCED HINGES.
CODED ENTRY SYSTEM!
YOU'VE REALLY GOT THIS PLACE
LOCKED DOWN.
PLUS, THERE'S
A SECURITY GUARD DOWNSTAIRS,
AND CHANNEL 3
ON THE TELEVISION
PICKS UP A LIVE FEED
OF THE FRONT GATE.
I AM PROTECTING
OUR INVESTMENT.
YOU ARE SCARY‐GOOD
AT THIS.
THANK YOU. I KNOW.
WHAT IF I NEED TO GET IN?
MAYBE YOU NEED
A SECRET KNOCK.
REALLY?
COOL. LIKE WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD
MAKE ONE UP.
OKAY.
UM, OH, I GOT ONE.
[ LOCK TURNS ]
[ RHYTHMIC KNOCKING ON DOOR ]
Dean: HOW'S THAT?
CELIA?
SECURITY, THERE'S A SWEATY JEW
IN MY HALLWAY.
[ KNOCKING CONTINUES ]
HOW MUCH?
A LOT OF MONEY.
IT'LL BE YOUR
BANK ACCOUNT.
YOU CAN ACCESS IT WITH
AN ATM CARD FROM ANY COUNTRY.
ALSO ‐‐
MOM ‐‐
PICK A PLACE,
SOMEWHERE FAR.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
EUROPE. GO TO EUROPE.
WESTERN EUROPE.
THE FOOD'S BETTER.
AMSTERDAM?
SURE, AMSTERDAM. START THERE.
I'LL GET YOU A EURO PASS.
YOU CAN GO TO MUSEUMS,
STAY IN HOSTELS,
SEDUCE TRAVELING
AUSTRALIANS.
WHAT'S THE CATCH?
THERE IS NO CATCH.
THIS IS WHAT YOU DO
WHEN YOU'RE YOUNG.
YOU TRAVEL THROUGH EUROPE
WITH A BACKPACK.
SOMEONE IN THIS FAMILY SHOULD
BE DOING SOMETHING NORMAL.
WHY NOT YOU?
[ SIGHS ]
I HAVE BEEN REPLACED
AS CANDIDATE FOR GOVERNOR.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU LEAVE TOMORROW.
IT WAS CELIA!
SHE FORCED ME TO LIE!
I DIDN'T WANT TO DO IT.
UH‐HUH, AND WHAT DID
SHE PROMISE YOU? SEX? MONEY.
NO, SHE ‐‐
COME TO THINK OF IT,
SHE NEVER PROMISED ME ANYTHING.
BETRAYER. COCK‐BREAKER.
HOW COULD YOU DO THIS?
I DIDN'T HAVE A CHOICE.
I AM BELLY‐UP, BUDDY.
YOU PUT A KEY ON MY KITE
IN A SHITSTORM.
I DROPPED 5 GRAND
ON LIP LINER!
YOU TOOK AWAY MY BUSINESS!
MY SPLOOGE DOESN'T
WANT TO COME OUT!
IT'S STUCK IN A POCKET
BETWEEN MY BALLS!
WELL, HOW DO YOU THINK
I FEEL, HUH?
SHE SQUEEZED ME OUT!
I WAS GONNA BE A DRUG KINGPIN.
I WAS GONNA BE TONY MONTANA.
I GOT NOTHING!
WHAT'S WITH ALL
THE MOVING BOXES?
I GOT TO GIVE UP THE SPACE.
I CAN'T AFFORD TO KEEP IT.
THIS A FRESH POT?
YEAH.
SHE LOOTED ME, BUDDY.
WANT TO CALL THE FEDS?
I'D BE DISBARRED.
I'D BE FINE.
HEY,
WE'RE IN THIS TOGETHER.
NOT UNTIL WE'RE EVEN.
EVEN?
YEAH. TEENY DEANY.
DIP 'EM IN.
WHAT?
WHIP 'EM OUT.
DIP 'EM IN.
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR
FUCKING MIND? GET AWAY
FROM ME WITH THAT.
YOU WANT TO GO UP AGAINST CELIA?
YOU'RE GONNA NEED MY HELP.
DROP THE PANTS.
DUNK THE DEAN NUTS.
MY BAL‐‐
NO, NOT MY BALLS.
YES, BALLS, AND I SEE YOU
TRYING TO GET HARD.
UNH‐UNH. NO WAY.
FLACCID IN THE ACID.
BUT ‐‐
DUNK!
[ UNZIPS ]
[ DEAN SCREAMING ]
YOU HAVE THE VOTES.
WHY AREN'T YOU FIGHTING?
YOU COULD WIN.
I DON'T KNOW.
PILAR HAS AN ARMY.
YOU HAVE THE PEOPLE.
IN AMERICA, WE CALL IT
"WAGGING THE DOG."
[ CHUCKLES ]
WELL, IN MY COUNTRY,
DOGS TRAVEL IN PACKS.
SO, THAT'S IT? SHE WINS?
YEAH. SHE WON.
NOW WE CAN BE MARRIED
AND HAVE A BEAUTIFUL,
LAVISH WEDDING
WITH ALL OUR FRIENDS
AND FAMILY.
AND I WILL FEED YOU CAKE.
SMALL CEREMONY, NO FRIENDS,
LIMITED FAMILY.
CHOCOLATE CAKE.
ENTENMANN'S.
I CANNOT PUT YOU AND YOUR FAMILY
IN ANY MORE DANGER.
SO YOU WOULD RUN
IF IT WASN'T FOR ME,
IF YOU DIDN'T
HAVE A FAMILY?
I DID NOT SAY THAT.
AND YOU WOULD WIN.
YES. I WOULD WIN.
THEN DO IT.
SO, I GAVE IT SOME THOUGHT,
AND I RESPECTFULLY...
DECLINE YOUR OFFER.
NO, YOU'RE NOT DECLINING.
NO.
I'M NOT GOING.
THIS IS NOT
UP FOR DISCUSSION.
ESTEBAN'S DECIDED TO RUN
FOR GOVERNOR INDEPENDENTLY.
I'LL BE SURE AND WEAR
HIS CAMPAIGN T‐SHIRT.
WHICH MEANS YOU NOT HERE,
WHICH MEANS ONE SON LESS
TO KEEP TRACK OF,
TO WORRY ABOUT.
SHANE'S HERE.
STEVIE'S HERE.
THEY'RE KIDS. YOU'RE OLD ENOUGH
TO TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF.
YOUR BROTHERS
WILL BE FINE.
[ SHANE BELCHES ]
SAY "EXCUSE ME."
NO.
I'M ANNOUNCING
IN A WEEK.
YOU SHOULD BE GONE
BEFORE THEN.
LISTEN TO HIM.
UH, I APPRECIATE
YOU BEING PREEMPTIVE,
FOR ONCE IN OUR LIVES,
BUT ‐‐
HOW IS IT THAT I HAVE TO
BEG AN 18‐YEAR‐OLD
TO TRAVEL EUROPE WITH A WAD
OF CASH AND MY BLESSING?
HOW IS IT THAT
YOU EXPECT ME TO BELIEVE
THAT MY BROTHERS
WILL BE FINE?
NO ONE IS FINE
AROUND YOU.
SO [SCOFFS] I'M STAYING.
HERE. IN THIS HOUSE.
THIS BEER'S WARM!
SOMEONE GET ME ANOTHER!
WHERE'S
THE FUCKING STAFF?
I HAVE THIRST!
NO MORE BEER!
AND YOU BETTER PROTECT US.
I CAN DO THAT.
HE CAN DO THAT.
SO, I'LL...
MOVE MY SHIT IN.
THE TWO OF YOU CAN STOP
DICKING AROUND ALREADY
AND GET MARRIED,
AND ON WE'LL GO...
ONE BIG, HAPPY.
Shane:
GET IN THE POOL, FAGS!
[ FOOTSTEPS APPROACH ]
YOU'RE EARLY.
I'M NOT EVEN DRESSED YET.
WHAT'S THAT?
WEDDING PRESENT.
I FILLED OUT ALL THE FORMS
TO PUT ESTEBAN'S NAME
ON THE BIRTH CERTIFICATE,
SO SIGN THEM
AND WE'RE DONE.
YOU DIDN'T MAKE A REGISTRY,
SO THIS WILL HAVE TO DO.
I ACTUALLY DID MAKE
A REGISTRY ‐‐ WEEKS AGO.
WILLIAMS‐SONOMA. WE COULD USE
A NEW TORTILLA WARMER.
I'LL GET RIGHT ON THAT.
ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THIS?
YES.
DO YOU HAVE, UM, A PLAN?
I'M GONNA GO
BACK TO THE HOUSE
AND SPREAD OUT MY LIFE
LIKE A MAP,
DELIBERATE ON THE TOPOGRAPHY,
CHART MY PATH,
MAYBE CALL A GIRL
WHO CALLS ME ON MY SHIT.
YOU LOVE HIM.
YOU'RE GOING DOWN A ROAD.
I‐I'M GOING DOWN A ROAD.
I THINK I'M HAPPY FOR YOU.
I THINK
I'M HAPPY FOR YOU, TOO.
SEE YOU DOWNSTAIRS?
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ SIGHS ]
♪♪ IT'S ALTOGETHER NOW ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S YOU AND ME IN THE NOW ♪♪
♪♪ WE'LL GET THROUGH SOMEHOW ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S ALTOGETHER NOW ♪♪
♪♪ WE'RE ALL IN THIS TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ I'M SURE YOU'LL FIND
THE SUN WILL SHINE ♪♪
♪♪ WE'LL WATCH
THE STORMY WEATHER ♪♪
♪♪ WHOO, HA HA HA HA ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S ALTOGETHER NOW ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S YOU AND ME AND EVERYONE ♪♪
♪♪ WE'LL GET THROUGH SOMEHOW ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S ALTOGETHER NOW ♪♪
♪♪ WE'VE GOT NO TIME TO LOSE ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S TIME TO DANCE
AND TAKE A CHANCE ♪♪
♪♪ AND THROW AWAY THEM BLUES ♪♪
[ SNIFFLES ]
[ LAUGHS ]
Nancy: GUESS YOU AND I
ARE HUSBAND AND WIFE...
FOR THE NEXT...
15 MINUTES.
WANT TO FUCK?
YOU IN MY FUCK TRAILER.
I JUST HAD A BABY,
YOU KNOW.
IT'D BE LIKE THROWING
A HOT DOG DOWN A HALLWAY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU GOT TO WORK
THOSE KEGELS.
YOU KNOW, I GOT A COUSIN ‐‐
SHE PRACTICED PUTTING PRESSURE
ON A CUCUMBER EVERY DAY.
AND THEN SHE STOPPED
'CAUSE IT GOT STUCK IN THERE.
AND THREE MONTHS LATER,
A PICKLE FELL OUT.
I'LL HAVE TO TRY THAT.
YOU KNOW, I COULD
FUCK YOU IN THE ASS.
THAT'S TEMPTING.
BUT I'M NOT HERE TO SOCIALIZE.
NO?
THEN WHY ARE YOU HERE?
PILAR ZUAZO.
I WANT HER DEAD.
CAKE?
‐‐ Captions by VITAC ‐‐
www.vitac.com
♪♪ IT'S ALTOGETHER NOW ♪♪
♪♪ YES, IT'S ALTOGETHER NOW ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S EVERYONE ♪♪
♪♪ WE'LL GET THROUGH SOMEHOW ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S ALTOGETHER NOW ♪♪
♪♪ WE'RE ALL IN THIS FOREVER ♪♪
♪♪ THE SUN ALL DAY ♪♪
♪♪ WE'LL WATCH
THE STORMY WEATHER ♪♪